Rework Installation into Distribution Channels (#131)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Distribution Channels/01 npm/01 npm.md

> npm is most often used for delivering DevExtreme to Angular, Vue, and React applications. The following packages are provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm is used to deliver DevExtreme to Angular, Vue, and React applications. The following packages are provided:
```
